Update warehouses.md (#6049)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/cloud/features/05_infrastructure/warehouses.md

  - Can export data externally
- **read-only**
  - Can only read data; it cannot write or modify data in ClickHouse

>   - Does not perform background merge operations outside of system tables, so its resources are fully dedicated to read queries

Author: ```suggestion
  - Doesn't perform background merge operations outside of system tables, so its resources are fully dedicated to read queries
```
